Descriptions for Stockalike Solar System. I've removed all references to "Kerbal" since people may want to be playing with the idea of using humans or human-kerbal-hybrids. I have not mentioned "human" either, and instead I have only used the word "people" or "us."

Sun:
The Sun is the most well known object in the daytime sky. Scientists have noted a particular burning sensation and potential loss of vision if it is stared at for long periods of time. This is especially important to keep in mind considering the effect shiny objects have on the average person.

Mercury:
Mercury figures in mythology as the messenger of the gods; the fastest of them all. This would seem to be accurate, as the planet is the closest to the sun, and thus it goes around the fastest. Despite its difficulty to reach, it is little more than a big ball of rock and metals. Scientists have speculated about possible ways of making it as awesome as a planet so close to the sun SHOULD be, and many of those ideas have led to new breakthroughs in aerospace technology.

Venus:
Venus is definitely the brightest planet in the Solar System. It's one of the larger, most visible objects, mainly because of its bright, white cloud tops and its proximity to the sun. It is considered by some to be an almost sister planet to Earth. Well, despite the yellow, and the toxic, superheated atmosphere, and the extreme pressures... Actually, it's not very similar at all, is it? Who are those people?

Earth:
A unique world, Earth has flat plains, soaring mountains and wide, blue oceans. It is our home, and it has just the right conditions to support a vast, seemingly undepletable population of astronauts, engineers, and snack-manufacturers. Reaching a stable orbit around Earth is one of the first things budding space programs strive for. It is said that he who can get his ship into orbit is halfway to anywhere.

Moon:
The Moon is a large satellite orbiting Earth. It is mostly grey in appearance, with craters of various sizes dotting its otherwise smooth surface. The Moon's discovery is widely regarded as one of the more important breakthroughs of our species' evolution. Granted it didn’t happen all that long ago, but its still fair to say that we are wiser and more evolved now than they were back then.

Mars:
Also known as the red dot that you can see if you squint at it really hard, Mars has long been a wonder to our kind. The planet has been held in much awe due to its striking red color, much like blood. Mars figures in mythology as the God of War, on account of its red color, as the blood spilled in a battle is colored red.

Phobos:
Phobos is a small moon in the vicinity of Mars. In mythology, Phobos is believed to be the God of Fear, and is home to the Deep Space Kraken, a mischevious creature said to play with the ships of hapless explorers by spinning them out of control until torn asunder, then casting them into oblivion.

Alternate Phobos description:
Phobos is a small moon in the vicinity of Mars. In mythology, Phobos is believed to be the God of Fear. Phobos is so close to Mars that it's being torn apart by Mars' gravity, and will one day become a ring system. Scientists speculate that Phobos must be feeling very fearful itself.

Deimos:
Deimos is a lumpy rock wandering around the orbit of Eve. It figures in mythology as the God of Terror. Why this is different from the God of Fear, nobody knows. Due to the large amount of squinting and eye strain associated with its discovery, wearing glasses has now become synonymous with becoming an accomplished Astronomer.

Ceres:
Ceres (Sometimes called 1 Ceres) is a very small dwarf planet and a very large asteroid. It was the first planet considered to be a dwarf, and the first asteroid to be discovered. Its orbit is highly irregular and, together with its size, it took a long time to discover since half the time it was not where scientists expected to find a planet. Due to its nature of frequenting the bad parts of space, this dwarf planet was officially labeled as Not to be trusted by the scientific community.

Vesta:
Vesta (also called 4 Vesta) was the fourth asteroid to be discovered, though it was thought to be a planet at the time of its discovery. Along with 2 Pallas, 1 Ceres, and 3 Juno, 4 Vesta were discovered very recently, but then when astronomers kept finding more and more of these so-called planets, they had to reclassify them as asteroids, so that children could actually memorize the planets in order.

Jupiter:
Jupiter is particularly known for being a rather large, brown-and-white banded gas planet. People have longed to visit it since it was first spotted in the sky. Philosophers reason that the swirling bands of white, brown, and red must be a really nice place to visit, on account of its wholesome coloration. Jupiter also has a huge magnetic field, the biggest in the solar system. It stretches all the way out to the orbit of Saturn. If you look at Jupiter through a telescope, it's fuzzy.


Io:
Io was one of the four moons of Jupiter to be first discovered by an astronomer. In fact, it was one of the first four moons to be discovered *anywhere.* It was suspected to be a dead world of rock and ice, but recent evidence suggests it may in fact be highly volcanic.

Europa:
Europa was one of the four moons of Jupiter to be first discovered by an astronomer. Its white and brown appearance was first thought to be evidence of a dead, icy world, though new evidence suggests it could have a liquid ocean underneath its surface. The prospect of eating seafood on another world have excited people ever since this discovery.

Ganymede:
Ganymede was one of the four moons of Jupiter to be first discovered by an astronomer. It is a relatively boring planet, though evidence suggests that it may have a weak magnetic field that interacts with Jupiter's. Ganymede is the largest moon in the solar system.

Callisto:
Callisto was one of the four moons of Jupiter to be first discovered by an astronomer. It's covered in a lot of craters, which suggests that it has a very old surface. Callisto is the only major moon of Jupiter not to be in a 1:2:4 resonant orbit.

Saturn:
Early astronomers thought Saturn was actually three planets orbiting closely together. In fact they discovered, when clearer telescopes could be made, they realized that these three planets were actually just one with a ring around it. They named it Saturn, after the god of agriculture.

Enceladus:
Enceladus is one of the strangest little moons of the Saturn. It can often be seen emitting gas from its southern side. Scientists suspect this may be due to an underground ocean and cryovolcanism.

Titan:
When Titan was discovered, the scientist in charge thought he was looking at Venus. When a plucky intern corrected him, telling him that telescopes don't work like that, he was put in charge of the experimental rocket testing program. Titan is the only moon in the solar system with a thick atmosphere.

Iapetus:
Iapetus is a small moon orbiting Saturn. It is one of the furthest regular moons of Saturn. It has a strange ridge on its equator, and has highly contrasting terrain.

Uranus:
Uranus was the very first planet ever to be discovered, instead of being known since antiquity. Its discoverer, being the patriotic and nationalistic person he was, wanted to name it after his monarch, George. He would have called it The Georgium Sidis, or perhaps just King George. The rest of the scientific community disagreed with that name, and decided to call it Uranus instead. In some languages, Uranus is a funny and inappropriate phrase, which has made the International Astronomical Union give it the award for "Most Unfortunately Named Planet."

Titania:
Titania was discovered by the same astronomer who first discovered Uranus. The same day he won two Olympic prizes, married at least 5 women, invented the Steam Car, climbed the tallest mountain, and discovered another of Uranus' moons: Oberon. Well, at least one of those things is true.

Miranda:
Miranda is one of the smaller moons of Uranus. It has some very interesting geology, and is probably made from smashing two or more moons together. The pieces reformed in the wrong places, and Miranda was formed. Its discovery coincided with the birth of the cheese-packing industry, which at first seems like a coincidence...

Umbirel:
Umbriel's discovery probably coincided with a night of heavy drinking, a lot of satirical books, and a stolen telescope. In fact, the International Astronomical Union is not entirely certain Umbriel actually exists!

Neptune:
Neptune was the only planet in the solar system ever to be discovered by using math. This is particularly strange given how difficult mathematics is. Scientists noticed peculiar perturbations in Uranus' orbit, and used that information to find where Neptune must, therefore, be. Neptune and Uranus are both ice giants, a special type of gas giant that is small and icy instead of large and liquidy.

Triton:
Triton is the only regular moon in the solar system which orbits retrograde (backward) around its home planet. Due to this retrograde motion, Triton is slowly and surely falling into Neptune, where it will eventually form a ring system as majestic as Saturn's.

Nereid:
Nereid is a small moon orbiting Neptune. It was kicked out of its lower orbit by Triton's arrival, and since has become placed in a highly eccentric and distant orbit around Neptune.

Proteus: 
Proteus is an inner moon of Neptune. It is is kept in its orbit around Neptune by Triton's retrograde motion. Nothing gets past Triton, in or out.

Pluto:
There’s been a considerable amount of controversy status of Pluto as being a proper planet or just a lump of ice going around the sun. The debate is still ongoing, as most academic summits held to address the issue have devolved into, on good days, petty name calling, and on worse ones, all-out brawls.

Charon:
Charon is a moon of Pluto, but at the same time it also kind of isn't. Due to their relative masses, the two bodies dance around each other in a way that is like no other two bodies in the solar system.